Explain ordering of subtables under arrays of tables (#664)
toml-lang/toml: README.md

You can create nested arrays of tables as well. Just use the same double bracket
syntax on sub-tables. Each double-bracketed sub-table will belong to the most

> recently defined table element above it. Normal sub-tables (not arrays) likewise

Reviewer: This is self-evident from the example JSON below, so I don't think we should call this out explicitly. None the less, if you think we should, let's tackle that in a separate PR?

Same for the `# subtable` and `# nested` comments below.

}
```

If the parent of a table or array of tables is an array element, that element
must already have been defined before the child can be defined. Attempts to
reverse that ordering must produce an error at parse time.

```
# INVALID TOML DOC
[fruit.physical]  # subtable, but to which parent element should it belong?
  color = "red"
  shape = "round"

[[fruit]]  # parser must throw an error upon discovering that "fruit" is
           # an array rather than a table
  name = "apple"
```

Attempting to append to a statically defined array, even if that array is empty
or of compatible type, must produce an error at parse time.

> ```

Reviewer: 👍

  [[fruit.variety]]
    name = "red delicious"

>   # Not allowed: This table conflicts with the previous array of tables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # INVALID: This table conflicts with the previous array of tables
```

  [fruit.variety]
    name = "granny smith"

  [fruit.physical]
    color = "red"
    shape = "round"

>   # Not allowed: This array of tables conflicts with the previous table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # INVALID: This array of tables conflicts with the previous table
```
